# TimeEntry

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**activity** | [**\ProgressionLive\Model\Activity**](Activity.md) |  | 
**task** | [**\ProgressionLive\Model\EntityRef**](EntityRef.md) |  | [optional] 
**taskState** | [**\ProgressionLive\Model\EntityRef**](EntityRef.md) |  | [optional] 
**duration** | **string** | It is the duration in millis between the fields &#x27;start&#x27; and &#x27;end&#x27; ISO 8601 format (e.g.: PT1H20M). | [optional] 
**humanResource** | [**\ProgressionLive\Model\EntityRef**](EntityRef.md) |  | 
**sourceStart** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Start time generated by the system (cannot be updated by the user). | [optional] 
**sourceEnd** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | End time generated by the system (cannot be updated by the user). | [optional] 
**start** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Start time used / shown by the system (can be updated by the user). | [optional] 
**end** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | End time used / shown by the system (can be updated by the user). | 
**comment** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**item** | [**\ProgressionLive\Model\EntityRef**](EntityRef.md) |  | [optional] 
**client** | [**\ProgressionLive\Model\Client**](Client.md) |  | [optional] 
**location** | [**\ProgressionLive\Model\EntityRef**](EntityRef.md) |  | [optional] 
**punchInPosition** | [**\ProgressionLive\Model\Position**](Position.md) |  | [optional] 
**punchOutPosition** | [**\ProgressionLive\Model\Position**](Position.md) |  | [optional] 
**approvalDate** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Date and time the the time entry has been approved. | [optional] 
**approver** | [**\ProgressionLive\Model\EntityRef**](EntityRef.md) |  | [optional] 
**metas** | **map[string,string]** | Metas properties of this entity. Most schema entities (TODO: list) support this type of property. They make it possible to store various information on the entity without the fields being defined beforehand. | [optional] 
**url** | **string** | The REST api url of this entity to read it. | [optional] 
**id** | **float** | The unique identifier of this entity. Auto generated by the system. | [optional] 
**uid** | **string** | The unique universal identifier of this entity. | [optional] 
**created** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) |  | [optional] 
**updated** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) |  | [optional] 
**removed** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) |  | [optional] 
**tags** | [**\ProgressionLive\Model\EntityRef[]**](EntityRef.md) | The list of the tags for this entity. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

